base.php change the navbar depending if the user is found (has loggedin) in the current session or not

data.php contains the php objects used by the webapp. There is User that when created is starts off by default as NON-ADMIN
and there is Challenge. Challenges can be run and they are run via exec call without checking the input. Good attack vector

in db.php there are the already seen functions create_user and fix_user so users are created as admin as before but this time we have to read a file not all the challenges
so it will work the previous exploit but only for the first flag not this one
possible: is_admin dentro a get_admin db.php weak equivalence

index.php just displays all the challenges visible by the user

login.php sets the user sesison and challenges session with db.php
the user session is created by using th euser object from data.php but it is not being used the challenges object for the challenges session.. mhmmhhh...

download_user.php serializes the current user object in the current sesison and outputs it in a downloadable file
it is comment the content-lenght header i wonder if that could be a vulneability

upload_user unserializes the data received in input without checking it..
we can put in the "tmp_name" field the filename that we want and then it will read that file and put its contents in the session user
maybe we can exploit this to read something..
even more it doesnt creetae a new user from it.. so we can first upload the user that we want and then download it and it should have the contentsof the file we want

first step is to download a legit user_session to see its contents 

"tmp_name" is managed by php is not a field in the file...


I can serialize the object challenge with the parameters I want and then upload it as user
and then upload again a new user
when ill do tis the _destruct method inside the challenge object will call and it will execute what I want
in theory it should display something..

It works, I dont know why the __destruct object is called immediately after the upload but it works
